DOCSUP-2956 system events show zero values setting (#16794)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: docs/en/introduction/adopters.md

| <a href="https://mkb.ru/" class="favicon">МКБ</a>                                              | Bank                            | Web-system monitoring | —                                                          | —                                                                            | [Slides in Russian, September 2019](https://github.com/ClickHouse/clickhouse-presentations/blob/master/meetup28/mkb.pdf)                                                                                                |
| <a href="https://cft.ru/" class="favicon">ЦФТ</a>                                              | Banking, Financial products, Payments                            |  — | —                                                          | —                                                                            | [Meetup in Russian, April 2020](https://team.cft.ru/events/162)                                                                                                |

> | <a href="https://www.bytedance.com" class="favicon">Bytedance</a>                                              | What we do                            |  — | —                                                          | —                                                                            | Some additional info                                                                                                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| <a href="https://www.bytedance.com" class="favicon">Bytedance</a>                                              | Social platforms                            |  — | —                                                          | —                                                                            | [The ClickHouse Meetup East, October 2020](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ckChUkC3Pns)                                                                                                |
```
